well this is called a joy top white
cover
it's made of a new plastic like a tent
but uh yeah not canvas be so like a
timber - works quite well tis the last
ice or I've put it onto some sleepest
and scaffolding poles scaffolding
pallets just to raise them it off the
ground and put these are scaffolding
things that just lock it down so it
stays nice and tight so if you lift this
up and basically all you do is you fold
it up right laterally concertinas up
like so
and he just folds back like that
don't worry about all the leaves off pop
it into one partly the car park but I
sweep it out and then basically just pop
drive you Boyken and I put that a little
wimp just here and I'll go parks in
there now I've got as those that are
living under it and a bandit 650 they
fit in there handsomely and then get off
it quite easy so it's quite big if I put
it back and see the construction on the
inside so it's whole wall down there fix
down there and they just concertina up
you've got one pole that goes up
lighting it there's a real shrimp for it
those jumps in that one pole and it just
folds over like that and as you see ruin
it
anything I could knock it for is if I
put these bits of string up because it
sags in middle and water sit says I put
that string up and it holds it up got
the little air vents let you in there we
so you know get to dam
doesn't actually get damp in here but it
works quite well so that's the joy top
white cover once you put a little lock
in there you want to lock your bike up
as well I'm gonna put a little bench in
there for putting my crash helmet and
gloves on when I get off the bike so I
don't put on the floor and as you can
see this two sleepers will not sleep as
their scaffolding pallets and they work
a treat and obviously I've bought weed
down what we down with two screws in
there one there one there I've got a
clamp going around here you see it here
clamp going around this pot at the back
this pole its beam gun across the back
that's part of the back there's also
screwed down after you can using a windy
position you just screw it down with a
lot more screws if you wanted to but
that's the bike cover my brother
sign-off